.\"
.TH time_convert 1 9-Nov-2006  "DRMS MANPAGE" "DRMS Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
time_convert \- Convert between DRMS time and calendar time
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBtime_convert \fR[\fB-e\fR|\fBi\fR] \fBs=\fR<seconds_string>|\fBtime=\fR<time_string>|\fBord=\fR<ordinal_date> [\fBzone=\fR<zone_string>]\fB

\fBtime_convert -h 

.SH DESCRIPTION
time_convert converts DRMS internal time (seconds since 1 Jan 1977) to an external ascii string 
representation (calendar time - yyyy.mm.dd_hh:mm:ss). Alternatively, it converts an external 
representation, either calendar time or ordinal date, to internal time. The format of the string 
output can be overriden by supplying the \fBe\fR or \fBi\fR flag.

.SH FLAGS
.IP \fB-e\fR 20
Override defaults below and output external calendar time (i.e., <time string>)
.IP \fB-h\fR 20
Show usage message
.IP \fB-i\fR 20
Override defaults below and output internal time (i.e. <seconds_string>)

.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP \fBs=\fR<seconds_string>\fR 20
When a <seconds_string> is provided, a <time_string> is output.
.IP \fBtime=\fR<time_string>\fR 20
When a <time_string> is provided, a <seconds_string> is output.
.IP \fBord=\fR<ordinal_date>
When an <ordinal_date> is provided, a <seconds_string> is output.
.IP \fBzone=\fR<zone_string>\fR 20
When a <time_string> is to be output (i.e., either the time argument is provided, or the \fB-e\fR flag
is specified), the time zone of the external time output. Default is UTC. Otherwise, this argument
is ignored.
.IP <time_string> 20
Calendar time in standard yyyy.mm.dd_hh:mm:ss.s[_<zone_string>] format.
.IP <seconds_string> 20
Time in TAI seconds since 1 Jan 1977.
.IP <ordinal_date> 20
Date in yyyy.ddd[_<zone_string>] format.
.IP <zone_string> 20
Time zone. See soi sprint_time(3) for options.


.SH BUGS

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B sscan_time(3)
.B sprint_time(3)
